1A.Name three tables that correspond 
   to the Resource types.
    -Sneaker
    -Brand
    -Favorite
1B.Which table is not defined by your 
   YAML but still exists?
    -Users exists but is not defined by our YAML.

2.Pick one resource table (e.g. sneakers). Which columns look 
  like they are referencing data in other tables (this is called a “foreign key”)?
    -Sneakers is refrencing brand.

3.What looks different between the required and optional fields in the database?
    -Fields that are required are boolean having either true or false assigned
    to them while optional fields don't need the same values.

4.what is the difference between changing data with npm run seed and changing data 
  only through the REST API or data grid?
    -npm run seed changes the databases directly, while reset api

5.Why should you run npm run generate again before npm run seed if you just edited 
  api.config.yaml?
    -npm run generate updates the database based on chnages within yamal. 
    npm run seed inserts the new updates.

6.How did the list request URL change when you applied the filter(s)
    -When I applied filters my URL didnt change, but when I opened the network
    tab showed changes for example, when I added a filter for the brand and 
    availability the network showed "sneakers?brand=3$&is_available=false".

7.What URL would you use for a GET request that asks the server for sneakers whose name 
  includes the substring running?
    -/api/sneakers?name=running

8.What is one difference between experimenting in /api/docs and experimenting in the 
  data grid?
    -/api/docs lets us send HTTP requests on the api, while the data grid is an 
    interface that allows for editing and viewing database rows without requests

9.What is one advantage of introducing a separate PlantType resource 
  (with a relation from Plant) instead of keeping species as a plain 
  string on every plant row?
    -An advantage of introducing PlantType instead of keeping species is that
    it prevents duplicates from happening, and its reuseable.

10.Final project: List at least three REST paths you expect 
   to need for your final project (they can be placeholders like /api/...). For each, name:
    The resource
    the data fields you’ll need
    Which fields will be queryable
    One relationship you might add 
    (e.g., Sneakers are linked a Brand resource in another table)

  At the moment I have the idea for a video game review site
  
  1. Resource: Game 
     Fields: title, releaseYear, platform, genre
     Queryable: title, genre, platform, releaseYear
     Relationship: Genere and platform

  2. Resource: review
     Fields: game, rating, comment, user, comment
     Queryable: game, rating, user
     Relationship: Review and Game

  3. Resource: Genere
     Fields: name (action, fps, rpg)
     Queryable: name
     Relationship: Genere
  

